Update manual installation guide with SLES 16.0 support (#109)
trento-project/docs: trento/adoc/trento-kubernetes-install.adoc

The subsection uses the following placeholders:

* `TRENTO_SERVER_HOSTNAME`: the host name used by the end user to access the console.
* `ADMIN_PASSWORD`: the password of the admin user created during the installation process.
+
The password must be compliant with:
+
- At least 8 characters
- Must not contain 3 consecutive repeated numbers or letters (e.g., 111 or aaa)

> - Must not contain 4 consecutive sequential numbers or letters (e.g., 1234, abcd, ABCD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password must meet the following requirements:
+
- minimum length of 8 characters
- the password must not contain 3 identical numbers or letters in a row (e.g., 111 or aaa)
- the password must not contain 4 sequential numbers or letters (e.g., 1234, abcd, ABCD)
```
